    © Copyright 2018, Simon Castano

    This file is part of Brane.
	
    Brane is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    any later version.

    Brane is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
 

	
# Brane Software Requirements Specification 001 #
Version 0.2  
Prepared by Simon Castano  
2018-07-05

Table of Contents
=================
  * [Revision History](#revision-history)
  * [Introduction](#1-introduction)
  * [Overall Description](#overall-description)
    * 2.1 [Product Perspective](#21-product-perspective)
    * 2.2 [Product Functions](#22-product-functions)
    * 2.3 [User Classes and Characteristics](#23-user-classes-and-characteristics)
    * 2.4 [Operating Environment](#24-operating-environment)
    * 2.5 [Design and Implementation Constraints](#25-design-and-implementation-constraints)
    * 2.6 [User Documentation](#26-user-documentation)
    * 2.7 [Assumptions and Dependencies](#27-assumptions-and-dependencies)
  * [External Interface Requirements](#external-interface-requirements)
  * [System Features](#system-features)
  * [Other Nonfunctional Requirements](#other-nonfunctional-requirements)
    * 5.1 [Performance Requirements](#51-performance-requirements)
    * 5.2 [Safety Requirements](#52-safety-requirements)
    * 5.3 [Security Requirements](#53-security-requirements)
    * 5.4 [Software Quality Attributes](#54-software-quality-attributes)
    * 5.5 [Business Rules](#55-business-rules)
  * [Other Requirements](#other-requirements)
* [Appendix A: Glossary](#appendix-a-glossary)
* [Appendix B: Analysis Models](#appendix-b-analysis-models)
* [Appendix C: To Be Determined List](#appendix-c-to-be-determined-list)

## Revision History ##
| Name | Date    | Reason For Changes  | Version   |
| ---- | ------- | ------------------- | --------- |
| roshii | 2018-06-14 | First draft | 0.1 |
| roshii | 2018-07-05 | Work in progree | 0.2 |
|      |         |                     |           |

## 1. Introduction ##
### 1.1 Purpose ###
This document describes requirements for Brane initial release and solely covers its bare minimal functionalities.   

### 1.2 Document Conventions ###
TBD

### 1.3 Intended Audience and Reading Suggestions ###
It is intended for developpers who would like to contribute and users willing to know more abut it. 

### 1.4 Product Scope ###
For its initial release, Brane goal is to get live and record exchange rates and crypto-assests balances, of selected accounts, of cryptoassets held at the following exchanges or wallets.  

| Type | Name |  Version  |
| ---- | ---- |---------- |
| Exchange | Bitstamp | 2.0 |
| Exchange | BL3P | |
| Exchange | Bitfinex | |
| Exchange | Poloniex | |
| Exchange | Kraken | |
| Wallet | BitcoinCore |0.16.1 |

### 1.5 References ###
TBD

## Overall Description ##
### 2.1 Product Perspective ###
This will be the fundation of a new crypto-assest management tool, including but not limited to quantitative analyses, automated trading and financial reporting.  

### 2.2 Product Functions ###
- Reads live cryptoassets balance held at exchanges and wallets.  
- Reads live exchange rates of cryptoasset.  
- Records actual balances and exchange rates in local database.  
- Imports balances and exchange rates between dates in local database.  
- Returns balances and exchange rates at date.  

### 2.3 User Classes and Characteristics ###
Brane is intended at being use by tech savyy traders and investors.  

### 2.4 Operating Environment ###
Brane is designed to be used on a AMD64 Debian based server.  

### 2.5 Design and Implementation Constraints ###
It is intended to run 24/7 on dedicated hardware - the less resource hungry the better;  
It must allow parallel operations;  
It will be developped in Julia for its numerical cimputing capabilities;  
Exchanges authentication credential must be stored securely.  

### 2.6 User Documentation ###
Documentation will mainly be provided online/whitin software.  

### 2.7 Assumptions and Dependencies ###
No non-free software.

## External Interface Requirements ##
### 3.1 User Interfaces ###
No GUI is planned at the moment, interaction with software will be done via the CLI.

### 3.2 Hardware Interfaces ###
Ethernet, Wi-Fi alternatively.

### 3.3 Software Interfaces ###
Brane will use REST API to communicate with exchanges and RPC foor wallets;  

### 3.4 Communications Interfaces ###
TBD

## System Features ##

### 4.1 Live data service ###

#### 4.1.1   Description and Priority ####
Priority level: High  

Allows the system to connect to cryptocurrencies exchanges and wallets to retreive user's balances and exchange rates.  

#### 4.1.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences ####
Connection is initiated on system sartup;  
Data is refreshed as often as possible.  

#### 4.1.3   Functional Requirements ####
TBD  

### 4.2 Historical data service ###

### 4.2.1   Description and Priority ####
Priority level: Medium  

Allows the system to save data obtained from exchanges and wallets  

#### 4.2.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences ####
Live data or query service initiates historical data service;  
Balances and exchange rates are recorded once per minute.  

#### 4.2.3   Functional Requirements ####
TBD  

### 4.3 Query service ###

### 4.3.1   Description and Priority ####
Priority level: Medium  

Allows user to query system to retreive data or trigger historical data service between dates  

#### 4.3.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences ####
User sends command through terminal;  
System returns appropriate data or confirmation.  

#### 4.3.3   Functional Requirements ####
TBD

## Other Nonfunctional Requirements ##

### 5.1 Performance Requirements ###
TBD

### 5.2 Safety Requirements ###
TBD

### 5.3 Security Requirements ###
Authetication credential should be encrypted

### 5.4 Software Quality Attributes ###
System should be testable, riliable, robust and performant

### 5.5 Business Rules ###
TBD

## Other Requirements ##
TBD

### Appendix A: Glossary ###
TBD

### Appendix B: Analysis Models ###
TBD

### Appendix C: To Be Determined List ###
TBD
